- And finally, we're going to see the last files that are
needed to stand up this microservice
and configure some APIs.
And then we're actually going to hit the changes
made to the APIs.
Let's look at explorer Cali application,
see what had to be changed there.
So were scrolling down, a lot of the main parts
didn't change to create all Tour packages.
That's the same but now when we create Tours,
I have my helper method "tourFormFile" at the bottom here
has changed significantly where it's not having to site
all those different attributes but it just,
finally what the result of mapping a record
in the Jason file into a "tourFromFile",
we get on line 76 we get back the string for
the title of the Tour, the package name of the Tour
and then the list of details,
is just a map of string to string.
So when we read the "TourForm" file we stream them
and then we want to create Tours so,
we invoke the Tour service as we did before
but now we have a lot less parameters to pass in.
In the "TourRatingController" this is mainly the ripple
effects of things that have made, changed in the system.
Mainly the Tour ID is now a string
and Tour rating, doesn't have a Tour rating PK
and we're no longer using rating DTO,
we're actually going to directly use Tour rating
as uh, an object to pass back and forth.
So this is mainly changes when we create,
we're not using an internet Tour ID,
it's a string Tour ID and a Tour rating.
We're also not getting the result of verified Tour back
and we'll see how that's changed,
because we don't need the Tour to create a Tour rating.
We just need to know that this ID that's being passed in
on line 45 is correct.
If it's not correct, you won't even get to line 48
because an exception will be thrown.
Same this now we're using a string,
instead of a internet Tour ID
and this is what's nice, so we're no longer having to
transform a rating DTO from a Tour rating.
We can just actually call on,
"TourRatingRepository.findByTourID"
and this will return the correct page we want.
Here, another example of parameters have changed,
both on the method get average,
as well as invoking on line 74.
Tour by ID instead of PK Tour ID.
In our "updateWithPut" its the same thing,
parameter types have changed.
On patch mapping, "updateWithPatch",
the same thing is just uh, Tour is no longer a number
and we're using Tour rating instead of rating DTO
and on delete mapping, we're using a Tour ID string.
I just want to check on the "verifyTourRating".
It's mostly the same except for we're invoking
a different repository method and in "verifyTour",
we're just checking that the Tour exists
and then throwing in exception,
we're not actually pulling back the whole Tour.
And then we got to delete some code,
we got to delete rating DTO.
So I had the application already running
and we're going to go to Postman to see the APIs.
So first of all the very simple local host 8080,
get of Tours and it returns Tours back in,
the scheme of the Jason in a little different,
so now we have a title, "tourPackageCode"
and "tourPackageName" called out
and then we details which lists all those contents
that where in the Jason file.
You see that repeated.
Next, we're going to create a Tour rating
but before that we need a Tour ID.
Did you notice that the ID's are,
uh it's a string now, it's very long.
It's not just 1, 2, 3, 4, all the way to 30.
We're going to copy that and paste it in here.
Yes, I know I grabbed the quote and I erased it.
Now I'm going to create a Tour rating.
I sent that as it's created, let's actually get it back.
There's our Tour rating back that we created,
and finally let's look at this method uh,
search method "findSummaryByTourPackageCode".
Where we're passing in the California Code.
So this is the method for only getting specific fields back.
We got the "title", we got the "tourPackageCode",
"tourPackageName", so that kind of is our summery,
but the details are null.